:chore: [DCUBESDQLR-2728][JON]Add Tote Board theme to Flagship Design… (#1425)
LifeSG/react-design-system: stories/theme/font/l-font-toteboard.mdx

import { Meta } from "@storybook/addon-docs/blocks";
import { DocInfo } from "stories/storybook-common";
import { FontDisplay } from "../doc-elements";

<Meta title="Foundations/Font/Tote Board" />

# Tote Board font

> This is the font set used when the theme is `"toteboard"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the font set used when the theme is `"tote-board"`.
```
